A Season of Separation

As the priest declared an auspicious time for heavenly union,
Families indulged themselves in preparation for the union ceremony,
Invites were sent to gods, goddesses, relatives, and friends.
Families yearned for the arrival of a groom from a foreign land,
The bride started the final countdown of the groom's arrival,
The Groom was all set for his journey to his motherland,
The excitement of meeting each other after one year of distance was immeasurable.

The bride dreamed of a perfect union celebrated with love, laughter, and music,
Her efforts to make it happen were phenomenal,
The groom's eyes shimmered, looking at the bride's high spirit in all that preparation.

Everything remained still — as the mail of the U.S. Consulate appeared,
It changed the life of the bride and groom — extending the season of separation,
Being drowned in a rain of uncertainty — faith of families was shaken.

This unalterable situation brought stillness to the preparation of union,
The joy of celebrating the upcoming union remained still — As the union remained still,
This unexpected stillness barrens the joy, as the union remains unfulfilled.

Decision-making — is what stillness demanded,
And that decision disrupted the joy of the upcoming union,
The outcome of the enforced decision led to a delay of perfect union ceremony.

This shattered the lives of families,
Leading to a grief-stricken Groom and Bride,
As their dream of ending a long-distance relationship remained unexecuted.

Lehenga — the one meant to witness divine union, failed to do so.
Muted Bangles — as the music of companionship remained unsung.
Unpainted Ajna Chakra — as spiritual union remained still.

This stillness can't cease hearts beating for each other,
This delay can't affect the unfading love of a couple,
This stillness can't shatter the faith of families.

A couple holding hands virtually combats unforeseen,
Unfading love — a weapon, while trust and faith are two armors,
An eternal bond stands strong — untouched by wild storm.

The union of soul despite being miles apart,
As togetherness goes beyond living under the same roof,
A season of separation can't change eternal love.

The couple's heart pounding with assurance of union,
This assurance of union will release the bottled-up joy of celebrating union,
Families will soon rejoice, celebrating the beauty of this union.

The couple will sing aloud an unsung song of union,
Upcoming proclamation to the world of eternal bond,
With shimmering tears in their eyes will reflect the quiet glory of resilience.
